Added enterprise onboarding workflow. Simplified Site Deployment (#1199)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/04-clusters/03-edge/09-site-deployment/05-site-installation.md

    </InfoBox>

4. The last step is to create a cluster definition if you don't have a host cluster that the Edge host can join. Follow the steps in the [Create Cluster Definition](/clusters/edge/site-deployment/site-installation/cluster-deployment) to complete the site installation.

When the cluster is created, the installation process will continue. The Palette Edge Host agent will download all required artifacts and reboot the Edge host.

> After the reboot, the *Cluster Provisioning* phase begins. In this phase, the system boots into the OS defined in the cluster profile, and cluster configuration begins. Kubernetes components are initialized and configured based on the specifications in the cluster profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Edge host finishes rebooting, the *Cluster Provisioning* phase begins. In this phase, the system boots into the OS defined in the cluster profile, and cluster configuration begins. Kubernetes components are initialized and configured based on the specifications in the cluster profile.
```

    Once the Edge host is registered, Palette will wait for you to create a host cluster and assign the  Edge host to the cluster.

    </InfoBox>

6. The last step is to create a cluster if you don't have a host cluster that the Edge host can join. Follow the steps in the [Create Cluster Definition](/clusters/edge/site-deployment/site-installation/cluster-deployment) to complete the site installation.

> Once the cluster is created, the installation process will continue. The Palette Edge Host agent will download all required artifacts and reboot the Edge host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the cluster is created, the installation process continues. The Palette Edge Host agent will download all required artifacts and reboot the Edge host.
```
